Update optional-elements.md (#2207)
enkidevs/curriculum: web/html/web-page-structure/optional-elements.md

  - introduction

links:

>   - '[Optional Elements](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/syntax.html#optional-tags){documentation}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - '[Optional Tag List](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/syntax.html#optional-tags){documentation}'
```

```

```html
<!-- Recommended by Google -->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<title>Saving money,
saving bytes</title>
<p>Qed.
```

> In order for the document to display properly with all the optional tags omitted, there are various conditions that need to be met. The `<title>` tag cannot be omitted but the `<p>` tag can. All conditions for each element can be found in greater detail in the `Optional elements` link in the `learn more` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ❗ Not all tags can be omitted. For example, `<title>` will still need an opening and closing tag.

In order for the document to display properly with all the optional tags omitted, there are various conditions that need to be met. Check out the *Learn More* section for a full list of optional tags and conditions.
```
